Find class is used to locate java classes within a directory structure.
A tool for use when that Class not found'exception is in your face!

It will scan a directory structure, searching for a class file in the directories and also any jar and zip files
it finds within that directory.

It can also scan multiple locations so check your classpath settings to find out missing classes or classes with the same name causing clashes.


Usage:

to start the tool use:

java -jar fc.jar <class name to find>

fc has one required argument, the class name you are searching for.


There are other arguments that can be applied to control the search process.

Arguments:

Required:

class name	The class name of the class to find must always be stated.  Just the class name is required,
		with no .class on the end.  The fully qualified package name can be stated if desired.
		When the package is stated, only classes matching the name and the package will be found.
		When no package name is stated, any class with the given name, in any package will be found.

optional arguments.
Optional arguments are all preceeded with a '-' dash, followed by the name of the argument.

-classpath	The directory to begin the search from.  If not stated, the current directory is used.
		Multiple directory locations can be specified, each seperated with a semi colon ';'.
		The stated directory(ies) are search and, by default, all of their sub directories.
-cp		Exactly the same as classpath.  The classpath argument can use the short version for brifity.


-s true | false	Stipulates that the sub direcotrories of the directories in the class path should be searched.
		By default, this is true.  Setting this to false will only search the actual directories in the classpath and not
		the sub directories.

-i		Ignore case.  By default the search is case sensative to the class name.  Stating the -i option
		makes the search case insensative.

-v		Verbose mode.  Outputs details during the search process.


Optional arguments can be presented in any order however the class name to search for must always be the first argument.
